todo NOW hourly frequency table on route view (average time between buses) -- take mean of delta by hour

todo SOON stops view -- add menubar on arrivals board for new views/url_routes for yesterday, this week, this month (e.g. call Stopreport(period='yesterday')

todo SOON finish populating hand-coded service list and activate

todo FUTURE cache the route_servicestoplist results --> so that they dont dissappear when the service is turned off / servicepicker dropdown: how to handle services not operating? show in stopspicker:'service not currently operating, or no buses operating right now on route, or no arrival information available right now or archival only'
todo HOWTO cache https://medium.com/the-python-corner/how-to-make-your-code-faster-by-using-a-cache-in-python-fb169fbcbb0b

todo FUTURE caching for bunching_leaderboard, historical arrivals views?
todo FUTURE reliability... on reports page. look at how long average it is taking buses to run the whole route end to end (looking at routereport?)

todo FUTURE import dump.gz --> process 2prune_ tables by keeping only records with pt='APPROACHING' and migrate to current tables
todo FUTURE update README.md
todo FUTURE setup daily mysqldb backup from AWS to ?
todo FUTURE bigger/better maps
todo FUTURE reliability (like flights rated as on-time percentage)
todo FUTURE build in a tweet-able hashtag, something like #CuomosMTA, that can help people express frustration with minimal effort?
todo FUTURE route diagram showing average delay/speed per segment (vs average) -  give the route a single grade, but maybe have some ability to dig inside the route. Something like an animation that shows the bus move through the route or a map that shows average travel speeds across the network so one could see how different legs perform.
todo FUTURE SOLOMON: To me there are three key variables for bus service: frequency, reliability, and speed. I'd love a rating on each of those key aspects and/or some transparency as to how they come together for the grade